Let's get started creating our own Twitter bot.
We'll need to do some preparation steps first that include
creating a Twitter account and making sure that we have API keys
that are associated with that account.
We'll then put those API keys in the SSM Parameter Store for later.
From there,
we'll make sure we have Twython and Sparrow and that they're all set up locally.
After that, we'll write our function,
which will involve modifying the Sparrow skeleton code and
then testing everything out locally.
After that,
we'll look at how we can deploy our bot by creating the function
package that we'll need to upload in the AWS console and then
setting the triggers and configuration on the function that we're
creating using that package.
So let's get to it. Over here in my web browser, I've navigated to
twitter.com, and I can sign up for a new account on this page.
Once I click the Sign up button,
I'll be directed to enter some information to create an account.
After I do this,
I can press the Next button and confirm that the account
information looks correct for the account I'm creating.
Then I'll click Sign up, and I'll be getting sent a verification code
to either the email or the phone number that I entered as part of this
process, so I'll need to enter that too.
I've gone ahead and opened up my email,
and I can open up this Twitter verification code, copy it,
and then go back to the original page,
put it in there, and click Next. After I've done this, I'll need to
set a password for my account, so I'll paste a password I'll be using
for right now here and then click Next.
When I'm done skipping through the rest of the steps,
I should be able to see my Twitter timeline here.
Now we're not going to do much from this Twitter view here.
Instead,
we're going to go to our URL bar and enter in developer.twitter.com, and I'm
going to get rid of the home here, and let's hit Enter. On this developer
page, we'll need to apply for a developer account.
We can click the Apply button and then click Apply for
a developer account. And from here,
we're going to need to say what we're doing. In this case,
we're making a bot, so I'm going to select that and click Next.
In order to create a bot with a developer account,
you may need to add a phone number, so if you haven't done that already,
you can do it here.
After entering the phone number's verification code, you can click Verify.
After your phone number is verified,
you're going to need to continue on the process of
getting your developer account set up.
So go ahead and scroll down, and fill out all the information
that's required by the application process.
When you're done filling out some basic information, you can press Next.
On the next page,
you're going to need to fill out information about how you intend to use the
Twitter API. Be sure to be honest about your use case,
but also be sure that you're following Twitter's automation rules and
terms of service for how you plan to use the Twitter APIs.
I've included an honest description of using it for this course,
and I'd suggest you include something similar to the application
you intend to develop using the Twitter APIs.
Once you're done,
you can click the Next button and verify the information
in your application looks correct.
Now, importantly,
you're going to need to make sure that you're saying yes to
whether or not your application will need to tweet, retweet, or
like anything because those are some of the things that we'll be
doing with our Twitter bot.
Once this looks good,
you can press the Looks good button and then review
and accept the developer agreement.
You're going to need to scroll all the way down to the
developer agreement before you accept the terms, and then
click this box to submit your application.
You'll also need to confirm your email with Twitter if you haven't already
confirmed it and answer any follow‑up questions from Twitter.
I've checked my email again,
and now I have a verification for my Twitter developer account.
Now that I've verified my account and signed back in,
I can start using some APIs. Back on the developer.twitter.com home
page, I can go to the drop‑down and then click on Apps. From here,
I'll create an app, give this app a name.
I'm going to call mine globopetcare for Globomantics Pet Care.
I'm also going to put that in the description. We're not going to
have this end up showing to end users for the time being, so we
don't need to change too much there.
And then in here,
I'm going to enter in my website name for right now, and
then if you had your own website name,
you could include that there. Towards the bottom, I'll also
need to provide a description of how we'll be using this app
so that we can get it approved.
After you enter in some more information here,
you can click Create to create your app.
I'd suggest that you make sure to take a look at all of these documents
so that your use case aligns with Twitter's rules.
If you want to look at what's actually allowed and get some good ideas,
you can go look at the Automation Rules here and scroll down to
where what you're supposed to do is listed here,
such as building solutions that automatically broadcast helpful
information or building solutions that automatically respond to
users and direct messages for your business.
Now there's some cool things that you can do,
but there's also some things that you shouldn't be doing,
so make sure you're aware of these when you fill your
application out so that you can get it approved.
Now, once you're done, you can click Create here,
and then you should be able to proceed with the next step,
which is getting some keys and tokens for your application.
So I'm going to go over here and click Keys and tokens, and
you'll see that we have two that are included here by
default, the consumer API keys, the API key and the API secret.
We're also going to need an access token and an access
token secret, so let's generate that here.
Now that we've generated these two values,
I can close this window out,
and they only show those values when you first generate them.
So, because I didn't copy those values from that very
initial generation, I can't use those anymore,
and I actually need to regenerate them in order to use them.
In fact, I'm going to revoke those ones so you can't use them anymore,
and then I'm going to generate my own,
copy them down, and store them somewhere safe.
So I'd suggest you do the exact same thing.
Make sure that you copy both of the values down and that you know which one is
your access token and which one is your access token secret.
Now that I'm done,
I'm going to close this out, and these are all the values that we need from
the Twitter API in the developer.twitter.com website. Because I'll be
deleting this account when I finish this course,
I'm not too worried that you'll see these values,
so that's why I'm not blurring them out.
But keep in mind they are sensitive and secret,
and you would be able to tweet things on my behalf if you had
somehow stolen these and I'd kept the account around.
So now that we're done creating our Twitter account and all of our API keys,
we can get these set up inside of the AWS console with the Systems Manager Parameter Store.